CSC444 Data visualization
Assignment 0
Kyle Walker

1. I know that programmers are often great at handling and processing data and information, but are bad at representing it to regular people. I want to learn more about
the theory of visualization so I can create better debug data and formatted code output that is more useful to people. I can also use it to handle large amounts of data in
human readable forms in the future since I have not had to deal with that yet.

2. I think I'll learn about the different techniques and formats of displaying data to people, and how different forms have strengths and weaknesses. I imagine we will 
see how to translate computer-friendly info into human-friendly info using a variety of techniques and patterns tested through time.

3.  C# - 4 years (Like Java but way better)
    C - 2 years (So simple and nice)
    Java - 3 years (Don't like but was nice for learning CS)

4. I took Csc 337 Webdev and made a variety of small websites, but only since last year. I am comfortable with the MERN stack (minus React) and Html/Css/Js, but I still have to do a lot of
refreshing with google searches to remember everything.

5. I often create formatted debugs for data like linked lists, trees, and sorting. But these are usually small scale and easily readible. I have also made simple scatterplots
and bar graphs for quick comparisons. 

6. In my job at the XRG lab here at the U of A, we have to handle research data in a VR simulation and store it to display on a website for researchers. There is a lot of info
such as timestamps, 3D coordinates, scores, etc. for multiple levels and users. We use SQL for DBM and added a feature to generate Excel sheets from the data. 

7. My favorite visualization is the aerodynamics simulations which show the airflow and drag of 3d objects. I like how it gives a visual representation of invisible forces
in a way that pretty much anyone can somewhat understand, and has color weights showing the areas which are most aerodynamic. There is one showing the aerodynamics of a cow 
here if you are interested: https://aviationhumor.net/aerodynamics-of-animals/

8. The worst visualization I have seen may be the ASCII tree generated for git repositories in the terminal using the command: 'git log --graph'. Git graphs are already
confusing enough, but one made of black and white ASCII characters with random Commit IDs next to them is pretty much useless to me. Here's an example of what I mean: 
https://coderwall.com/p/i021rq/git-tree-in-terminal

9. You will forget your dreams in the morning as you move around. If you want to remember the details of a dream better, make sure you stay completely still when you wake up and 
you will be able to focus on all the details. Writing them down also makes you better at remembering future ones. 